oh they blocked it i understand
well
ok no i have taste was a voice like that
nice that you all look at one
new custom with my fans
today we have the rules here
rules are the not break to as follows
play all peace for gay motion lift off
lock
okay we will do lock game mode right away
2 have changed and we need noppies
complete
let's do it he is on hoppakee
perfect okay here go to other side
watch here orange juice with
a whim removed a large smock
and green is a speed boost of five and
how black is blindness and this is one
checkpoint
weiss well i think it will go well
come led to this
okay let's see hop hop hop hop next
level ok ok ok oh those were the boosts ok
just or can do
oh also a level 3 this was a jump
I think we only had to do that
once does oh oh oo oh oh must be here
still or
and now and now oh my god come to that
yes ok and now there how do we do that
get it
no ok another attempt ok
we have this so we have to go here
up and then oh shit times side that side
on yes okay I have had this
yes aphasia
oh and now oh oh oh oh oh so in itself
super cool know again
oh do a oh yes I saw that coming
still try yes ok ok now we have to go there
on top of seeing I assume
no no it k yes that was maybe
the smartest again I am also a cow
oh okay there we go
no ah yes
holy crap okay also every frog
guts or five of aj's
i'm really bad here is a holy
fries
ok I had this oh ok ok ok ok ok
then we go yes
the last one jumped
ah yes they have blocked it I understand
there right from
there we go oh it feels so close
was not fair
ok i just have a spawn here
point put down a hope that I have him now
I'll get hans all the time
not even once just again
oh chips well come on try 3 ha look at that
I mean yes I could gee him the halls
I can never expect this
so nice made only we have to now
to the next room i think that
this way is that was not right
so you need the scale and next level anyway
not
ok ok ok ok ok ok come on pom
nevertheless the lava can
was not so difficult ok the final
we must fall down here as
properly have had the
corn credits x-mas arcade course falls
do you think forecourt drug tracks one
hope you enjoyed my job bread
people really want to look over
he had read this new course
6 then press the thumbs up button
you nice trail where we have or one
other and fancy more places below in
leave the description or leave one
reaction behind
go see if I can play one and me
it took you 30 minutes to do it
mind it the least if you're not that good
was and sent minutes I do this now
people do come with something new
course and I will tell you soon